Automated image build and k8s deployment (#25)
reload/material-list: infrastructure/README.md

> # Material-list hosting infrastructure

Reviewer: Perhaps we should reference this document from the main `README`?

Sample google cloud-based hosting setup.

## Requirements

> Material-list requires a host capable of hosting a php7 project, and a backend mysql 5.7+ compatible database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Material-list requires a host with the following software:
- Nginx 1.17
- PHP 7.2
- Mysql 5.7+ compatible database

Individual components can be swapped for relevant alternatives. Apache can be used instead of Nginx. Any [database supported by Laravel](https://laravel.com/docs/5.8/database) such as PostgresSQL, SQLite and SQL Server can replace MariaDB. 
```

I tried to expand the requirements a bit [based on another DDB service](https://github.com/danskernesdigitalebibliotek/ddb-cover-service#tech-stack). YMMV.
